never let me out again wolfgang
smith himself said three years ago
For 22 years he sits as a pink giant
well-known serial criminals already the
measure execution of the city of brandenburg
So far he was only allowed one meter
enter high walls secured courtyard
but now he is loosened from the
pink giant may accompany the for
anyone freely accessible terrain the
enter the clinic
actually already running one of the
biggest killer of the german
criminal history almost free around
We asked for the sacrifice
white ring was under
is to understand complete loosening
in the sense of complete relaxation
Many people have
imagine different things though
you look at the website of the
clinic operator looks at the case
then there is explained in great detail
what is meant by that
nevertheless, it is also normal
in quotes that one
one hundred percent security is not
can be guaranteed
but that is the citizens right
The state has demands from its state
the task to protect his citizens and
he has his job ahead of you
to protect dangerous offenders and
perfect loosening may only be one
play role if the security of
the population was safe
But the citizens are afraid of such
a serial killer between 1989 and
1991 five women and one baby
brutally murdered has the experts
and reviewers have actually warned
his
Again and again it is also in the
last years at too early dismissed
sex offenders to terrible relapses
We too often have perpetrators
had the on clearance again
have become criminal and there it goes
not about cavalier offenses or minor ones
thefts are about murder
about rape
it's about abuse and you have to
the fears of the population just serious
take wolfgang schmidt calls himself
In the meantime beate project back current from
perm
and wants one
gender transformation a subject
scorn for victims and bereaved for
the victims and their survivors
Of course, the question arises who
It finances everything that is allowed
really ever in freedom
to be dismissed by himself
says that he is still dangerous depending on
The doctors' opinions could be the pink one
giant again in about four years
be completely free